1. write a shell script that accepts one or more filenames as arguments and converts all of them to uppercase, provided they exist in the current directory.
2. write a shell script that counts the no. of directories under the current directory.
3. write a shell script that accepts a filename as argument and displays its creation time if it exists and if it does not exist, an appropriate message.
4. write a shell script to find the smallest of 3 no.s that are read from the keyboard.
5. write a shell script to display the processes in the system every 30 secs for 5 times.
6. write a shell script using the expr command to read-in a string and display a suitable message if it does not have atleast 10 chars.
7. write a shell script to compute the sum of nos. passed to it as arguments on the command-line and displays the result.
8. write a shell script that accepts any no. of arguments and prints them in reverse order.
9. write a shell script to determine the period for which a specified user is working on the system.
10. write a shell script to report the logging in of a specified user within one minute after he/she logs in. it should terminate automatically after a certain period of time.
11. write a shell script that accepts a list of filenames as its arguments, counts and reports the occurrence of each word that is present in the first argument file on other argument files.
12. write a shell script to report in descending order of their size, names and sizes of all files whose size exceed 40 bytes, in a specific directory( supplied as argument). Total of searched files should also be displayed.
13. write a shell script that displays a list of all files in the current directory  to which the user has read, write and execute permission.
14. write a shell script that accepts values from 1 to 6 and displays for choice 
    1. list of files in current directory 
    2. current date
    3. process status
    4. current users
    5. present working directory
    6. exit
    others. Invalid option
15. write a shell script to print a message for a required no. of times
16. write a shell script to calculate area of triangle
17. write a shell script to accept 2 integer as arguments and compute the value of first raised to the power of second.
18. write a shell script that deletes all lines containing a specified word in one or more files supplied as arguments to it.
19. write a shell script to generate Fibonacci series
20. write a shell script to generate factorial of no. read from user.

